after trying the yard and restyled a few weeks at the place portugal
now at a comparator geometer taken to the sporty sea but surely
the twingo rs to his direct competitors i was talking about the c2 vts he's
stronger
what is it worth it was the most incisive - insee
more interesting answer to this comparison honor first of all to the
last of this segment the twingo rs
then actually easily recognize one of our traditional
is at the level of the shield is quite massive to these athletes
it is rather successful
on the other hand inside a pretty disappointed because apart from a belt of
seats a little sport is a con tori is not much
we now go to the Swiss see
but there aesthetically it is a lighter body
that search the twingo rs that exist in new shields more
aggressive
a double exhaust on the inside we'll just remember but
it's the sport of comoros
their state is not always that of this comparative of the cdts
oh well it's the oldest happily in the spring of 2008 she has
was felt but it feels good yes if a new shield
united also advocated according to more important salon allows to give back a
second youth inside this is unfortunately this guy
bolivar making squeal the static cullen place now at the essentials
our driving impressions on the born death circuit and for that I
leave your hand in order to escape
undoubtedly our favorite on circuit
and the suzuki swift
this resumes reason
it's probably the lightest
this application
The debate is closed
with a good method and especially
the one who intends to wear years
all right now
with a back
who stands
at will
and it's really impeccable on circuit
after
dialogue every taste
this private placement more difficult
even if the green light
at the same time hidden under the steering column
and what about connectables
really
not very practical
the end
he has amassed three helpers it's beautiful
obviously
ed it shows because at four years of age
the heavy
from all points of view at the management level
braking and then the common sense is not at all sure sort anymore with this
car
while remember from this fight she said the country have earned rfi you
look for a vehicle
it's a little fun to drive
you regarding the only question is strong why hide from the mans series
on the neighborhood very pleasant to drive
on the other hand attention daily on highway was dominant and the
documents and tapas in patrol landmark for a program if one
search a vehicle rather versatile or relatively good
equipped with enough comfort or on the novelty of course the renault clio
rs
well we will not count the national councils had been approved by
year effectively lanes back from its competitors our
adversaries have tasted the driving pleasure you do not know anything about
we set take for one more euro a raffle is well behaved
it was he knew more we come to have fun
we do it sport
not really proclaiming his victory